My name is Gabriela.
Ben and I have always enjoyed attending the meetings.
But lately, it's been difficult.
Something was missing.
Our son.
It was like watching a movie of someone else's family.
Couldn't believe this was happening to us.
Our son, Levi, was no longer one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The elders and friends in the congregation were so supportive and understanding.
Many of them watched Levi grow up.
Give his first talk.
Get baptized.
I was so torn.
I was disappointed in Levi for leaving Jehovah.
But I was more disappointed in myself.
I felt like we've failed him somehow.
I kept wondering how he was doing.
Was he okay?
Then, as hard as the past few weeks had been, it just got harder.
I knew what the Bible said about quit mixing in company with anyone who is not living according to Christian standards.
But I never thought that scripture would one day apply to me.
Later that evening, a brother was talking about the example of Korra's sons.
Jehovah confirmed that he was using Moses to lead his people.
Not Korra.
When the people were told to move away from the rebel's tents, what would Korra's sons do?
Would they put loyalty to family ahead of loyalty to Jehovah?
The Bible tells us that his sons remained loyal to Jehovah and were blessed for it.
That night, after the meeting, I told Ben about the text I received from Levi.
I told him everything.
How I miss Levi so much, but that I also wanted to be loyal to Jehovah.
Like Korra's sons, Ben admitted that he too had been struggling with feelings like mine.
But then, he said something that I hadn't thought of.
If we were to stand between Levi and the discipline he needs,
we would in effect be blocking an expression of Jehovah's love from reaching him.
In fact, it's our very loyalty to Jehovah that could save his life.
We agreed to continue to put our trust in Jehovah and stay loyal to him.
It's been five years now, and while Levi still hasn't returned to Jehovah,
I haven't given up hope on him.
For that day, I'm staying busy as a regular pioneer and focusing my energies
on helping others learn about Jehovah.
I've come to experience firsthand the truth of Psalm 9710.
Jehovah really does guard his loyal ones.